Q1: Planning, designing, developing, evaluating and implementing
Q2: To make measureable goals to base your progress and results upon. Help you keep in mind what you need to do while creating a product. To see if you meet the needs of the client.
Q3: Almost everything. I now know what functions are and what for loops are. I also know what while loops are and if/else. However I still cannot comphrehend flow diagrams, they make no sense to me. But I went from knowing nothing to knowing the very basics of python so I count that as progress. I didn't know we had to "cheat" so musch in class and how it was commonplace to do so.
Q4: I understand that I cna't really visualise my thought process and also I cna't remeber shapes because I struggle to remeber what shape means what in flow diagrams and they confuse me more than writing in prose. I'm also not very good at estimating how much time I have and how much I can do.
Q5: I think I planned well for the project. I really liked the idea of the game and the story kept me working when I wanted to rest. Although I didn't always finish task as fast as I hoped.
Q6: The thing that didn't work well for me was timing. I had no clue how to estimate the time I needed to finish my project. I also forgot to do the justifications of my used program and my success criterion weren't successful enough. I also had no motivation to finish things and as such worked really slowly. I had issues with flow diagrams where I kept getting confused and restarting and wasted alot of time.
Q7:
